# UltimateBattle
(Name) Marzavious Washington (Course) Software Development (CRN) CEN-3024C-14877
  
  For this project I was assigned to create a sort of battle between two people. Within the code there is an end goal that the two players would reach and once reached the program will end and display the winner. Also within the code there is a section where throughout the battle a player would drink water and take a break while the other continues toward the end goal. For my code I used the characters Spongebob and Patrick as the players and the game they are playing is Jellyfishing, with an end goal of reaching 200 Jellyfish caught. They both would also be taking breaks and drinking water (yes, while underwater). 
  When the code begins the two players will start the game. After the first person catches a certain amount of Jellyfish, they will then take a break and drink water which will initiate the code to allow the second player to begin catching Jellyfish until they begin their break. This will continue going back and forth until one player has reached the end goal (200 Jellyfish caught) and a winner will be displayed. There are a few concepts used while writing this code one of them being threding (UltimateBattleApp.java), which allows for the code to run multiple parts of it at the same time. With threding within the main class, this allows for multiple actions within the different classes to combine and run simultaneously without conflict. Another concept used is the synchronized void action (Water.java). Within the Water.java code there is a section where throughout the programs lifespan the two players would start and stop drinking water, however I only wanted one person at a time to drink water while the other continues to Jellyfish. With the synchronized void action after putting in the characters names and how long the would drink water, this action will allow only one person at a time to drink water and would alternate back and forth between the two players until the game has a winner.   
